-15.24

Fixed: Move back trigger after multiple jumps so you're both on platforms

Fixed: Move first enemy trigger to the next house so you're closer to enemies

Fixed: Second respawn point is broken. Spawns me on house. Maybe have a second trigger that it spawns me to? This will fix first spawn making me fall

Fixed: After beating the game and playing through again, when daughter got ambushed, the dialogue broke? It played twice? Then it ended on the wrong dialogue at then end

Fixed: Make princess jumping platforms in 2nd cutscene smoother

Fixed: Look into footsteps. Enemy's is being used for players for some reason
	then change volume as well so they're subtle
	
Did idle instead: Add back enemy's footsteps

Fixed: PatrollingEnemy(1) still has footsteps remove that

Fixed: The spawned stationary enemies are the old model
	Yep: Maybe they should even be making the sounds too
	
Fixed: When the game is beat, and you're put back at the default checkpoint, it makes the sound again

Fixed: Can pause the game when the curtains are opening
	Breaks the game 
	
Fixed: When the game is played again, the dialogue after the dance is started immediately

Fixed: Add trees to the last level piece

Fixed: Can die after killing enemy and the kill event still happens

Fixed: Enemy gets hit and then the player days in the same frame

I think it got fixed just by my other fixes: The princess attacking the enemies at the end is broken sometimes
	- I reproduced it by dying while attacking the enemies
		Maybe it's attached to dying?
		
Fixed: If you double click attack, you will attack twice

Fixed: Princess jumping cutscene looks a bit off. Maybe add some pauses so the transition to idle can happen?

Fixed: When game ends, I can hear player attacking, moving, etc.

Fixed: Princess can get stuck in the same spot as player
	Did this one: Or... Just add a barrier that the princess cannot move past.
	Will need to make try button reset princess position
		Also don't let her move til the curtains have been opened up again
	Have to add princess being able to jump up big walls so she can get past the cutscene jumping part even if it was already done
	
Done: Redo background music as I sound out of breath

Fixed (added gates): If Nate fixes collision on houses so the player can actually jump, then I need to make it so that the player can't get past the part until the player killers all the enemies

Done: Make footsteps and landing sound louder because background music is covering some of that

Fixed: It seems like player's attack animation is too high to hurt enemies now
	Make enemies bigger?
	
Fixed: Player just died while also killing an enemy and the kill event happened :(

Fixed: Opening both gates causes MarkEventAsDone to be called twide, which skips the dialogue

Fixed: Kill event didn't trigger again the second time playing

Done: Make dads voice louder,

Done: Move trigger before first enemies to between houses so you're closer to enemies

Done: Make collider on sword bigger so enemies get hit when it looks like they do.

Done: Make it so you can't hear the enemies from outside gate.

Done: Reduce attack time window

Fixed: Princess sometimes gets stuck platforming

Fixed: Princess attack didn't hit again!!!

Fixed: Hitting second enemy of first group is hard for some reason. It obviously collides but doesn't count as collision.

redo footsteps sounds event for animations
	I did princess. I need to do knight in future once final animation is in
	
Done: Move attack sign onto house

Done: Adjust time for dad's dance delay cutscene

Fixed: Princess not attacking

Done: She also needs her collider hands back

Make dad dance shorter (3-4 seconds instead of 6) then readjust delay

Done: Change person for PrincessDontGoPast

Done: Adjust daughter dance timer to be shorter

Done: Should I do a camera change to the gate when it opens?

Done: Increase attack window for princess as she didn't kill first enemy

Fixed: Daughter fall animation happens too late in the jumping cutscene (2)

Done: Increase text speed for dialogue to 2 or 2.5